Leon What's the best way to study
philosophy, I can't afford to go to
Philosophy University at the moment, it's
Pedro Borges Amaral, there's no
right way, everyone I know who
got into philosophy outside of the
Philosophy course at the University got into
philosophy from a  different way what
you can do is find an author who
has a book that interests you,
normally people go to nit
these things like this, within this
author's book he will deal with terminologies
that he took from other authors, you
normally find out about this if you have already  is not
explicit in the philosopher's book that
you are reading, you discover this by reading
a commentator who is basically a
researcher, a university professor
who will write a book talking about
that philosopher's book explaining
certain concepts explaining
historical concepts that may not be
so clear to us because  A lot of the
philosophy we read today was
written there, it was written centuries ago
where the historical context was totally
different,
you can pick up this book and it will
give you these terms, right, what is
normally used is who the philosopher
talks to, or in other words, with whom  other
philosophers terminologies concepts from
other philosophers he is interacting
to say the very thing he wants to
say I advise you to do that Take
something that interests you, it's bound to fall apart
then you try to unravel where
the idea is coming from, the ideas of this author
and you  run after these other authors
who waited for him or with whom he is
disagreeing or agreeing with whom he
is talking to And then you
develop from there which is more
or less what I did I started with the
focus I went to read a book by Foucault  It's
a book from the last collection of
his works, right? I started first on justice,
history of madness, then I read the
archeology of knowledge, no, right, knowledge was the
word and things and then I didn't understand
anything about the word and things, I said
philosophy, you shouldn't  be for me because
this here is impossible in fact the focus is
on an era of philosophers like that I think
they wrote in a very obscure way
seeming intelligent the thing is a bit of an
[ __ ] but not many people did that
but several focused on it even less but if
you take it  other contemporaries are from the
same other authors from the same
period from the same movement as him you
get the identity beauty and stuff like the
guys wrote in an obscure way to
seem smart to seem like he
knows writing was profound when in
fact a lot of things There  it was
banality, that's what's true, okay, that's what
gave philosophy a bad reputation
because a lot of people come to
philosophy through these authors and think it
's incomprehensible, that's what
actually philosophy starts to
become incomprehensible, starting Enchanting,
not because  Kant wanted it to be, you know,
because he wrote very badly and he
wrote very badly, partly because he
was the first great author to write
in German and also because there was no
rule on how to write philosophy in
German, basically the guy was making it up
while he was  doing and there's
another one that I've also heard from people who are
experts on him who say that he
wrote everything in a hurry because everything
he produced that was important was kind of
at the end of his life so I think he
hit it there in 50 years he said like this I'll
die and then I'm going to write running
Wow, it seems that I was editing the videos
of Where's the exact key and then there was the
first one who wrote it complicated on
purpose, I think in my
opinion it was reggae that Reguel
wanted to actually complicate without needing to and
After that, several authors started to
write complicated, Nite also
wrote complicated because he wanted to
be a poet, yes, he wanted to
write, he wanted to write, everything about him
has to be,
right, then you get to the authors of the
20th century, mainly
French authors, and then it started  this wave of
signing up as obscure as possible is so much
about hiding your ignorance about the
subjects it counts to make you appear to be
intelligent and then when you get to
these authors a lot of people come to
these people and talk like this Philosophy is an
impossible track there was no problem
Meanwhile, there was a movement after
philosophy called analytical, right, which
emerged in the United States and so on, there are some
people who actually took a different stance,
if you take the philosophy people, I don't
know, Richard hots, the people, they
took another stance, no, because, like,
everyone has to understand what I
write, it has to be clear language, that's
another stance But normally if I
don't get to philosophy through these
authors
But anyway, what happened to me was that
I got to the open word to say
things  and I said understandable, but
I found a book by Foucat that
had about thirds of them in isolation, it
wasn't just a book, there were several texts on
different topics, exactly, and there was one
called genealogy, which was about
genealogy that talks about the genealogy of
knowledge, and then  I went to see that this term
genealogy he got from niet so I said
I'm going to see this nit but and for
me it's lucky the book where niet
developed genealogy is the only book
he wrote in a type of
essay writing, right?  It
's not an aphorism, it's not poetry, it's a
book he wrote, a context where you
have a beginning, middle and end, they develop an
argument and because of that I managed to
read it, despite it being difficult because it dialogues
with the philosophers of the time, they gave me
this Kant thing  something like it's not
because I didn't know what it was but I
understood it, okay And then I got a taste
for the thing And then I started
chasing things, things like these things came up,
currently what I like the most, which
is also the easiest  to also understand
that I'm like this is the oldest but it's
the easiest way for you to understand today
in a modern way. If you take a tradition
and the guy doesn't
say it's Greek philosophy, right? I'm
reading Plato now and even more so since I
'm reading it now together  with history I
know the historical context I don't even need
to read a commentator who explains the
historical context I actually know
when he talks about a historical event I
know what it is that's very good
while he really changes the text for
you it's  you feel great oh I
'm reading Greek philosophy now which I
think is the
most interesting thing for me but this is how you
start studying looking for authors the
easiest way is to pick the author that
interests you and look  Even using
commentators, look for people who talk about
this text, explaining this text, other
people who wrote it, explaining the
text, if it is difficult, who is this
author talking to? What are the
concepts there that he is taking from?
you can get it Like he talks to Kant he
talks to Plato he already puts a
chopen Hauer Mainly I discovered
Shopping Hauer because of it And it's going
very well Nick Smith Lion is liking
Herodotus The wonderful bizarreness of this Live has already arrived in the story of the
giant ants
This book
deserved to be better known, hugs, I
started now, right? In fact, I
started, I went through the introduction today, I
usually don't remember the introduction of a
book, because always when I read it,
you buy it, instead of going into the
guy's book, there's a guy  who wants to write
300 pages first because he thinks
it is more important than the book that
comes from the important author, then you weren't even
invited,
this guy I read Because in fact
Herodotus is very complicated to read because he
is considered the father of history because at
least  less in the West, at least the
books that survived, it's the first
history book that we have, right, so
much so that the term history was his, he
got the term, I think it's history, which is an
investigation of Attic Ionic Greek, which is
what he says it's called  the book is
actually an investigation and this is what
became the name of history, right, in fact the
word history Originally
means investigations so it is very
removed from our reality very
removed it is very distant the
remote life of the Englishman is total he he is very
distant  of our reality, not only
because there were even history authors
who came immediately after
him, they were even his contemporaries, they have
already adapted the method of history
to be something more similar to what
we have today, types, you say, he was
contemporary with  Herodotus Ah, you catch
a cough, he said that he wrote the history of the
Peloponnesian War that the
historical time that comes almost
immediately after that of this book
here he already appears much more a
contemporary historian, he already
puts the method much more in a way that
if you  let's say who the father really is
The story is much more suicidal than
Herod But you wrote it first,
Herodotus wrote it first, this
guy tells it, people, you who have never heard
of Herodotus' stories, at least the
first Western history book
that survived, to which
we probably have access from the world
because I think that in the East there is nothing
about history, history in the way
we call history today, it's not poetry, right? It's
not like the Iliad saying that
the reason for the war was because the  gods
intervened and did I don't know what the
Trojan war is not that
history book even when he tried
to explain things it is chronological
not only chronological but he takes it and says
that the things he is afraid of have a
couple relationship things that took  to this
he tries to explain why there was a
war between the Greeks and the Persians between the
Greeks and the barbarians, right? And then he goes back
there to explain the expansion of the
Persian Empire, he says a lot
of things, so he's basically the first
guy who doesn't speak  Oh, this happened
because the gods are okay, he
has a religious background to
his things, every now and then he says
that something someone did was
sacrilege that may have caused
something that is called bad, something like that and
he tries to create a whole set of
ideas to ultimately explain why
the Greeks and the Persians
started to fight, right?
United Greeks of more than, I don't know,
almost a thousand that already existed, they
got together and they managed to stop the
Persian Empire, which until that moment was
unstoppable, right, the Persian Empire conquered
everything, conquered Egypt, conquered
Babylon, conquered everything, conquered the
mediums and so on.  arrived in Greece they
took a beating fighting against the
inferior number of Greeks, you know, despite
all their power and it is even
in this war that there is the 300th battle
of Sparta, this is where it is narrated,
we know about
Leonidas' sacrifice  and his guard, they
stayed there at the end fighting against the
Persians despite knowing that I was going to die,
which gave time for the other Greeks to flee,
right, and organize the defense later, that's why
the war continued, then
a whole bunch of people died there because, in
truth, no  there were only 300 from Sparta
there were 700 from tesp too but then the
story doesn't talk about them but then I read the
introduction Because in fact things are
very removed, it
's because things are very distant
from time to time he stops to tell
some details that  they don't make any sense
because what he wants to do is
basically build the world as it is a
multicultural place he doesn't want to say
that the war happened because this nation
is a villain and this is the girl and the villain
was doing this to this guy he
wants to build  one more thing like,
look here at the cultural reality of these
people, look here at how
things work and
everyone has their own point of view,
basically at the end of the day,
custom is king, right, to do this he makes
some very big directions of  Every now and
then he stops, wait, then we're in
Egypt, now let me stop and tell you some
curious stories about Egypt For you, I
think that in Egypt there's an
ant thing, right? He says there's a place
that has an ant that rolls Gold  But
in fact, after they went to evaluate everything,
he didn't say that this was nonsense that he
had said, but there isn't a phenomenon of an
animal that has something related
to gold, some metal that it makes,
that also exists somewhere in Egypt,
whose name  for a Greek spoken in
Egyptian, if I'm not mistaken, it's more or
less like this, history, you know
Herodotus, you know that the name spoken
to a Greek sounds like an ant, so he's
not lying, he wasn't mistaken,
but he makes another type of  History
because nowadays the history you
do is like a study of history as
something like in journalistic quotes
you will evaluate whether the thing happened or
not someone is saying that the thing
happened you go there and gather the data
to see if it was like that  That's the same way
I tried to cough, that's
an aerona, it's a check on him, not on him,
he says I'm going to report what the people
said, it's cute, yeah There are some stops
then he says, there are some stops here
that I kind of don't believe.  none
But listen, So there's a lot of that in
his business, he doesn't filter what
people say a lot, he's basically
like this, I'll tell it the way I saw
it, you wouldn't make a Historian today,
but in his time there wasn't that
because he  It was the first one, he didn't
learn from anyone how to write history, right?
He basically invented the thing, he
turned around and said, oh, I'm going to
write prose instead of saying
that it was the gods who did
things and writing poetry and the
Homerian Iliad hurts.  and things like that, I'm going to
try to write things the way they
told me or the way I saw it, so that's when
the study of
history began, but anyway, there it is, I saved the
cut, fine, that's it, from here we're going to
get no wine, but  beauty